
	HTTP and the transmittermap

Qt-DAB supports showing the name and location of transmitters received
on Qt-DAB;s main widget, and on a map shown by the browser.

In order for the feature to work the following should be understood

Functioning depends on
	a. the user having specified a "home" location
	b. a database from FMList is loaded

Ad a.
	The configuration and control widget has a button labeled "coordinates"
	that, when touched, shows a small widget where tou are invited to
	fill in an latitude and a longiture (decimal notation)

Ad b.
	If configured - as is the case for precompiled versions of Qt-DAB -
	touching the button "load table" on the configuration and control
	widget will load a database. The database is stored in the user's
	home directory.

	If you compile the software yourself, a small library has to be
	installed. A version of libtii for Linux x64 and for RPI's is
	available in the source directory.

	Note that the author of the database has asked to keep the
	address from which the database is loaded is kept private,
	that is why the code for downloading the database is kept
	in a library that is closed source. The library itself
	is (mildly) encrypted. The code for loading and
	interpreting the database is incorpotated in the precompiled versions.

Assuming a user location is filled in and the database is loaded, then
Qt-DAB shows the name of the transmitter, the distance to the home address
and the azimuth on the bottom line of the main widget.

Touching the "http" button on the main widget instructs the software
to start the http client.

The default option is to start the "default" browser on the system
where the software is running. 
One the map is shown on the browser, transmitters seen after the start
of the browser are shown on bith the map and in a list on the right
hand side of the browser.

The "current" transmitter and the transmitter farthest way are marked on
the map, and shown on the left had column in the browser.

Setting the "start browser manually" selector tells the software that on 
starting the http client, no browser will be started.
The port to which the cleant writes the data is default 8080. It
can be changed by touching the button labeled "port" on the
configuration and control widget.

If the selector "current channel transmitters" on the configuration and
control widget is set, then the map is cleared when the channel changes.

If the selector "save transmitters" on the configuration and control
widget is set, then the transmitter names, locations, distance and azimuth
is saved in a file.



